---
description: This tutorial will guide you through the steps to host a server.
---

# ② Host a dedicated server

1. Port forwarding is only required for WAN servers. It's optional for LAN servers.
2. Players do not need to do port forwarding. Only servers need to do that.
3. BF2142ServerLauncher does not support mod. That's why you have to run it with a shortcut.
4. Modded and unmodded servers read server settings files from different locations.
5. For more server configurations, please refer to [https://pingperfect.com/index.php/knowledgebase/585/Battlefield-2142--Server-Configuration.html](https://pingperfect.com/index.php/knowledgebase/585/Battlefield-2142--Server-Configuration.html).

## Hosting a Modded Dedicated Server on OpenSpy

1. [Download and Install Server Client](https://getbf2142.weebly.com/installing-server-client.html).
2. Download "**BF2142\_Server\_Patch.zip**".
3. Unpack the zip file to your desktop.
4. Drag and drop "**BF2142\_w32ded.exe**" from "**C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142 Server**" to the unzipped folder on your desktop.
5. Look for "**BF2142\_Server\_Patch.exe**" in the unzipped folder. Right-click it and select "**run it as an Administrator**".
6. Click "**Yes**" when the dialogue "**Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device?**" pops up.
7. Click "**Open & Verify**". Locate the "**BF2142\_w32ded.exe**" in the unzipped folder on your desktop. Wait until the tick icon of "**Step 1**" changes from grey to green.
8. Click "**Patch!**". Wait until the tick icon of "**Step 2**" changes from grey to green.
9. Drag and drop "**BF2142\_w32ded.exe**" from the unzipped folder on your desktop back to "**C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142 Server**"_._
10. Use file explorer to navigate to the path "**C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142 Server**"_._
11. Right-click on "**BF2142\_w32ded.exe**" and click "**send it to desktop as a shortcut**".
12. Right-click the shortcut on your desktop and click "**Properties**".
13. In the target field, add **+modPath mods/Project\_Remaster\_v14** after "**C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142 Server\BF2142\_w32ded.exe**". It should look like this:\
    ​"C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142 Server\BF2142\_w32ded.exe" +modPath mods/Project\_Remaster\_v14
14. Click "**Apply**" and "**Confirm**".
15. Forward the following ports (i.e. port forwarding) to your local IP address in your wireless router control panel:\
    29900 - 29900 UDP or Both\
    29900 - 29900 UDP or Both\
    17567 - 17567 Both
16. Open "**C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142 Server\mods\Project\_Remaster\_v14\Settings\ServerSettings.con**".\
    Make sure "**sv.internet**" is 1 and "**sv.allowNATNegotiation**"​ is 0.\
    _Drag and drop the file to the desktop so that you can edit and save it._ \
    _Keep sv.intenet to 0 if you don't want your server to appear on the server browser._
17. Open ​​"**C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142 Server\mods\Project\_Remaster\_v14\Settings\mapList.con**".\
    Add the line "**mapList.append Suez\_Canal gpm\_coop 16**" to add a map to the server.\
    _Drag and drop the file to the desktop so that you can edit and save it._&#x20;
18. Double-click the shortcut on your desktop to run the server.

## Hosting an Unmodded Dedicated Server on OpenSpy

1. Follow Steps 1 - 10 from the above.
2. ​Look for "**BF2142ServerLauncher.exe**" in the folder. Double-click it to run the program.
3. Click the add icon to create a new config setting. Then you will be able to edit Server Settings and Map List. Make sure the "**Internet**" option is turned on and the "**AllowNATNegotiation**" is turned off.\
   _Keep the Internet option off if you don't want your server to appear on the server browser._​
4. Forward the following ports (i.e. port forwarding) to your local IP address in your wireless router control panel:\
   29900 - 29900 UDP or Both\
   ​17567 - 17567 Both
5. Click "**Start**" to run the server.

{% hint style="info" %}
&#x20;More server settings available at ​<mark style="color:blue;">C:\Users\xxxxx\Documents\Battlefield 2142\ServerConfigs</mark>.
{% endhint %}

## Downloads

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Primary Sources" %}
**BF2142\_Server\_Patch.zip (ModDB, 20KB)**

{% embed url="https://www.moddb.com/downloads/bf2142-server-patch-1" %}
Source: ModDB.com \[Last Checked on 12 Dec 2022]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Alternative Sources" %}
Not Available.
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
