---
description: 這個教程將指導您完成安裝主遊戲的步驟。
---

# ① 安裝 《戰地風雲2142》 主遊戲

在這個教程中，我們將引導您使用多個線上資源來下載遊戲，以及正確的安裝程序。如果您遇到任何問題或有任何疑問，歡迎加入我們的 [Discord 伺服器](https://discord.gg/DaMVNknVnV)以獲取協助。

{% hint style="warning" %}
在下載或安裝遊戲之前，別忘了查看[系統需求](1.-installing-base-game.md#xi-tong-xu-qiu)。
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
如果你需要我們的協助的話，歡迎加入我們的 [Discord 伺服器](https://discord.gg/DaMVNknVnV)或[聯絡我們](../others/contact-us.md)。
{% endhint %}

## Procedures

1. Download <mark style="color:blue;">BF2142\_Setup.rar</mark> from [Downloads](1.-installing-base-game.md#downloads) -> Primary Sources.
2. Create a new folder on your desktop.
3. Open <mark style="color:blue;">BF2142\_Setup.rar</mark> with a [file archiver](#user-content-fn-1)[^1].
4. Drag and drop all the items from the .rar file into the new folder.
5. Look for [<mark style="color:blue;">setup.exe</mark>](#user-content-fn-2)[^2] in the folder. Double-click to run the installer.
6. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
7. Follow the wizard instructions to complete the installation. Some of the important remarks are provided [here](1.-installing-base-game.md#wizard-remarks).
8. When the installation completes, uncheck the option <mark style="color:blue;">View the README file</mark> and finish the wizard. [**DO NOT** launch the game](#user-content-fn-3)[^3].
9. Proceed to [patch the game to v1.51](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md). [**DO NOT** try to omit this step](#user-content-fn-4)[^4].

## Downloads

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Primary Sources" %}
**Battlefield 2142 Standard Edition v1.01**

The setup provided in this section is extracted directly from a <mark style="color:blue;">Standard Edition</mark> retail disc published by EA Taiwan back in 2005. It contains the following international locales:

English, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Russian

Since this setup only holds an early version (i.e.,`v1.01`) of the game, you [**must**](#user-content-fn-5)[^5] follow the instructions in the [next tutorial](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md) right after finishing all the steps in this tutorial to have the game correctly patched to the latest version  (i.e.,`v1.51`).

**If you are new to the game or the modding process, we suggest always sticking to the primary sources as they are the main references we use throughout our tutorials.**

If you have concerns about the sources we provide, try installing an AntiVirus in advance or downloading the base game from sources that you trust. It is very important that you feel comfortable with what you are doing here.

Note that this is not really a legit way to download the game. However, this is becoming the only option left to get the game nowadays apart from buying a second-hand copy from Amazon that doesn't allow you to log in anymore.

{% hint style="success" %}
We would greatly appreciate your support by considering an upvote[^6] for this page.
{% endhint %}

**BF2142\_Setup.rar (Google Drive, 3.24 GB)**

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gDA9OtbxGK2aYDBltoDZ-id0Ta6LtjHQ/view" %}
Source: Vipapier from [GetBF2142](https://docs.getbf2142.net/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**\[MIRROR] BF2142\_Setup.rar (MediaFire, 3.24 GB)**

{% embed url="https://mediafire.com/file/g6xhktutdtnpgs3/BF2142_Setup.rar/file" %}
Source: Vipapier from [GetBF2142](https://docs.getbf2142.net/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**\[MIRROR] Battlefield 2142 Setup.rar (MediaFire, 3.24 GB)**

{% embed url="https://www.mediafire.com/file/1eugw0jb8tr93e3/Battlefield_2142_Setup.rar/file" %}
Source: [BF2142 Reworked](https://mozziefiles.wixsite.com/bf2142) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Alternative Sources" %}
**Battlefield 2142 Deluxe Edition v1.51**\
_Novgames Alliance Edition (2016) - Russian Community_

The setup provided in this section is prepared by Novgames for its Russian-speaking community. The installer will automatically[^7] select the Russian locale and install the latest version of the game [by default](#user-content-fn-8)[^8].

If you choose to download the game from the following links, you may skip the part about [patching the game](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md) to `v1.51`. You also do not have to worry about the serial keys as the installer [does not](#user-content-fn-9)[^9] require one.

**If you are new to the game or the modding process, we suggest always sticking to the primary sources as they are the main references we use throughout our tutorials.**

If you have concerns about the sources we provide, try installing an AntiVirus in advance or downloading the base game from sources that you trust. It is very important that you feel comfortable with what you are doing here.

Note that this is not really a legit way to download the game. However, this is becoming the only option left to get the game nowadays apart from buying a second-hand copy from Amazon that doesn't allow you to log in anymore.

**BF2142\_Novgames.zip (Yandex, 2.44 GB)**

{% embed url="https://disk.yandex.ru/d/XY7LR48r7yNbYQ" %}
Source: [NovGames](https://novgames.ru/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**\[MIRROR] BF2142\_Novgames.zip (MediaFire, 2.44 GB)**

{% embed url="https://www.mediafire.com/file/1k7kdaxblradlo1/BF2142_Novgames.zip/file" %}
Source: [NovGames](https://novgames.ru/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**\[MIRROR] BF2142\_Novgames.zip (Google Drive, 2.44 GB)**

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DBy_cPleUuHD2SgGPrqjjjTtArod1OUO/view" %}
Source: [GetBF2142](https://docs.getbf2142.net/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**2142nov.rar (Google Drive, 4.9 GB) All-in-one Pack**\
Unzip Password: bettercallsaul\
Content: BF2142 Novgames AE, Remaster mod, BF2142 Hub

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aL8mFnq3Dv_BXzto0RvmSzf39kUeb1nW/view?usp=sharing" %}
Source: [MatcatClan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDnFptN99kY) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Amazon" %}
**Battlefield 2142 Deluxe Edition v1.51**

The only way to obtain the game "legitimately" is to buy a second-hand retail DVD. A used copy usually means the product key is activated or expired. Though this may have defeated the purpose of spending money on it, nostalgia is always a good reason to support an old title like this.

If you really like the game and have some extra money to spend, we do encourage buying one yourself. It may seem unobvious at first but actually many of the die-hards own a physical copy of the game. Some even got the disc as early as in 2005. As we always say, we are real Battlefield lovers, and that's why we made this website.

**Battlefield 2142 Deluxe Edition Retail DVD**

{% embed url="https://www.amazon.com/Battlefield-2142-Deluxe-PC/dp/B000YJ3TR8" %}
Source: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Wizard Remarks

1. If you see the prompt <mark style="color:blue;">選擇安裝語言</mark> (English: Select installer language) -> <mark style="color:blue;">從下列選項中選擇安裝語言</mark> (English: Select a language from the list), refer to the following cross-reference list to select your preferred language.
   * 中文 (繁體) -> Chinese (Traditional)
   * 丹麥語 -> Danish
   * 日語 -> Japanese
   * 西班牙語 -> Spanish
   * 法語 (標準) -> French (Standard)
   * 波蘭語 -> Polish
   * 芬蘭語 -> Finnish
   * 俄語 -> Russian
   * <mark style="color:blue;">英語 -> English</mark>
   * 捷克語 -> Czech
   * 荷蘭語 -> Dutch
   * 瑞典語 -> Swedish
   * 意大利語 -> Italiano
   * 德語 -> German
2. If you see the popup <mark style="color:blue;">This game has only been tested on WinXP(32bit)</mark>, click <mark style="color:blue;">Confirm</mark> to safely ignore this warning as the game works perfectly fine on most[^10] Windows platforms.
3. When you are asked to provide the serial code, simply pick one of the [<mark style="color:blue;">Standard Edition</mark>](#user-content-fn-11)[^11] keys below to pass through the prompt. More keys are available [here](https://mozziefiles.wixsite.com/bf2142).
   * SDV5-JZDE-L6B8-P2Q4-1911
   * SVMV-LBNV-W7W5-J3X4-1911
   * E6HH-DWUG-U8X1-R8F0-1911
   * UTFP-4DMN-D2U0-X3T3-1911​
   * TRCL-YBIJ-D4H4-Y3O5-1911
4. You are strongly advised to install the game to the [default path](#user-content-fn-12)[^12] but it is also fine to install it to other location.
5. You are strongly advised to install the <mark style="color:blue;">English</mark> version of the game to take advantage of the <mark style="color:blue;">HD English fonts</mark> provided by the Project Remaster mod.
6. BattleCammo is a VoIP service that allows you to voice chat in-game. Believe it or not, [you won't be using it that much](#user-content-fn-13)[^13]. You can simply skip configuring it by clicking the <mark style="color:blue;">Cancel</mark> button.
7. GameSpy Comrade is a community gaming application providing functions like friends, stats, and instant messaging. Unfortunately, it no longer works due to [GameSpy shutdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GameSpy#Shutdown) in June 2014. Select the <mark style="color:blue;">No, install GameSpy Comrade later</mark> option to skip installing it.
8. EA Master Server no longer exists due to [GameSpy shutdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GameSpy#Shutdown) in June 2014. Click <mark style="color:blue;">REGISTER LATER</mark> to skip registering an EA account.

## 系統需求

{% hint style="warning" %}
Most[^14] modern laptops or desktops should be able to run this game acceptably well.
{% endhint %}

OS: Windows XP or above, Administrator Access

CPU: 1.7 GHz Intel Pentium 4 or AMD Athlon XP / Sempron or above

RAM: 512 MB or above

Disk Space: 2.2GB or above

[Display Card](#user-content-fn-15)[^15]: ATI Radeon 9500 / NVIDIA GeForce FX 5700 or above

Resolution: 800 x 600 16 bits colour or above

[^1]: e.g., WinRAR, 7zip, WinZip, File Explorer (Win 11)

[^2]: The correct installer is <mark style="color:blue;">setup.exe</mark>, not <mark style="color:blue;">Autorun.exe</mark>. If you use the wrong installer, you won't be able to install the game since it will keep asking you to insert the game disc to proceed.

[^3]: Since the game isn't patched to the latest version, if you try to launch the game, it will ask you to insert the game disc. Details as to why this is happening will be discussed [here](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md).

[^4]: If you skip patching the game to the latest version, you won't be able to launch the game as it will keep asking you to insert the game disc. Details as to why this is happening will be discussed [here](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md).

[^5]: If you skip patching the game to the latest version, you won't be able to launch the game as it will keep asking you to insert the game disc. Details as to why this is happening will be discussed [here](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md).

[^6]: You can find the upvote button on the right sidebar of this page.

[^7]: Although you cannot choose a language during the installation process, you can still make use of the Remaster Launcher to make a language switch later on. To gain access to the launcher, you will need to [install the Project Remaster mod](3.-installing-project-remaster.md).

[^8]: Deluxe Edition has the latest patch incorporated in its content.

[^9]: That is because the installer has generated a serial key for you. Remember the russian program that pops up at the end of installation? That's the keygen.

[^10]: Anything Windows XP or above should be fine. The game has been tested on Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Windows 11.

[^11]: Note that these keys are only applicable to the <mark style="color:blue;">Standard Edition</mark> setup provided in [Downloads](1.-installing-base-game.md#downloads) -> Primary Sources.

[^12]: i.e., <mark style="color:blue;">C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142</mark>

[^13]: You have something called Discord anyway.

[^14]: Any laptops or desktops that is able run Windows 7 or above, Office 2013 or above acceptably well can run this game acceptably well.

[^15]: Graphics card is not something mandatory for this game. Intel Integrated Graphics should already be sufficient to run this game acceptably well.
