---
description: This tutorial will guide you through the steps to update the game.
---

# ② Update BF2142 to v1.51

{% hint style="warning" %}
You may skip this tutorial if you [already have your game patched](#user-content-fn-1)[^1] to `v1.51`. Whenever you are unsure about your game's version, simply launch the game and you will see the version string near the bottom right corner of the login box. If you cannot [launch the game without a disc](#user-content-fn-2)[^2], it means your game has not been patched to the latest version.
{% endhint %}

It is necessary to patch the game to `v1.51` because:

* It removes DRM[^3]: Game disc is no longer required to launch the game.
* It adds widescreen support: This makes the game looks better.
* It adds Northern Strike expansion pack content to the game for free.
* It is the game's latest version: All the game's final features are accessible, including bug fixes and additional content.
* It is the required version for most existing master servers (e.g., OpenSpy), game servers (e.g., Reclamation) and mods (e.g., Project Remaster).

{% hint style="info" %}
**What is DRM?**

DRM is an old-school anti-piracy mechanism. When the game was first released in 2005, players had to launch the game with their game discs in order to verify their premium identity and play online.
{% endhint %}

What's special about the installer we recommend is that it completely updates your game all the way to the final version regardless of the game's current version or edition that is installed on your system.

This is in contrast with the official updater, which can only be applied incrementally[^4]. By abstracting those intermediate steps, this new installer makes patching the game to the latest version much more user-friendly and straightforward.

## Procedures

1. Download <mark style="color:blue;">BF2142\_Update\_1.51\_Full.exe</mark> from [Downloads](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md#downloads) -> Primary Sources.
2. Double-click to run the installer. It may [take a while](#user-content-fn-5)[^5] before something shows up.
3. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app from an unknown publisher to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
4. ​Click [<mark style="color:blue;">More Info</mark>](#user-content-fn-6)[^6] and then <mark style="color:blue;">Run Anyway</mark> if the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Windows Protected Your PC</mark> (Windows Defender SmartScreen) pops up.
5. Follow the wizard instructions to complete the installation.​

**Step 5:** The patch installer should be able to locate the correct game folder for you even if you did not install the game to the [default path](#user-content-fn-7)[^7].

## Downloads

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Primary Sources" %}
This fan-made installer is able to patch your game directly to `v1.51` , regardless of whether your game is at `v1.00`, `v1.01` or `v1.50`, or whether you have the Standard Edition or the Deluxe Edition installed.&#x20;

{% hint style="danger" %}
The installer we recommend is a fan-made program, meaning that you might receive virus warnings as it comes from a third-party, "untrusted" source or author. If you are worried about the safety of these files, consider downloading the mirrored official installers in the <mark style="color:blue;">Alternative Sources</mark> tab.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
The comment section and the number of downloads are often useful indicators to assess whether a file is safe or not.
{% endhint %}

**BF2142\_Update\_1.51\_Full.exe (ModDB, 2.3 GB)**

{% embed url="https://www.moddb.com/games/battlefield-2142/downloads/battlefield-2142-update-v151-full" %}
Source: [LordSte](https://www.moddb.com/members/lordste) from [ModDB](https://www.moddb.com/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**\[MIRROR] BF2142\_Update\_1.51\_Full.exe (Google Drive, 2.3 GB)**

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JMjXerwYKSS8xwisfSAX6ihiTB0UeqsL/view" %}
Source: [BF2142 Reclamation](https://battlefield2142.co/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Alternative Sources" %}
The installers provided here are mirrored from official sites before the game's termination. To update the game to the latest version, start by installing the `v1.50` patch and then proceed with the `v1.51` patch. It is important not to mix up the order or you might risk corrupting the game files.

The `v1.50` patch updates the game from `v1.00` / `v1.01` to `v1.50`. The `v1.51` patch updates the game from `v1.50` to `v1.51`.

{% hint style="danger" %}
It is important not to mix up the installation order. Ensure the correct sequence starts by installing the `v1.50` patch followed by the `v1.51` patch.
{% endhint %}

**BF2142\_Update\_**<mark style="color:red;">**1.50**</mark>**.exe (ModDB, 523 MB)**

{% embed url="https://www.moddb.com/games/battlefield-2142/downloads/battlefield-2142-update-150" %}
Source: [RhodN](https://www.moddb.com/members/grafix1) from [ModDB](https://www.moddb.com/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**BF2142\_Patch\_**<mark style="color:red;">**1.51**</mark>**.exe (ModDB, 1.95 GB)**

{% embed url="https://www.moddb.com/games/battlefield-2142/downloads/battlefield-2142-v151-patch-final" %}
Source: ytres from [ModDB](https://www.moddb.com/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Patch Content

`v1.51` is the latest and final patch for Battlefield 2142. It adds the Northern Strike expansion for free, numerous bug fixes and four new maps: Strike at Karkand, Operation Blue Pearl, Yellow Knife, and Molokai.

### Features

* Added Operation Blue Pearl by Bjorn Sundell with special thanks to Jason Brice for lightmaps and finishing.
* Added Yellow Knife, Molokai and Strike at Karkand 2142 maps made by Jason Brice.
* Added support for the Novint Falcon controller.

### Fixes

* Added extra account security fixes.
* Added fix for Nvidia drivers to solve the Tinnitus visual effect.
* Hit detection bug fix: Changed so that latency compensation history takes correct stored positions from the buffer.
* Updated as\_titan\_wake.tweak to allow for two attack choppers instead of the one previously allowed.

[^1]: This is not the case for those who used the setup from Primary Sources to install the base game.

[^2]: If the game asks you to insert the game disc whenever you try to launch the game, it means your game has not been patched to the latest version. To fix this,  follow the instructions [here](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md) to fully update the game to `v1.51`.

[^3]: DRM is an anti-piracy mechanism that requires players to launch their games with their game discs.

[^4]: i.e., version by version: `v1.00` / `v1.01` -> `v1.50` -> `v1.51`

[^5]: The installer takes time to decompress files to prepare for the installation.

[^6]: If the <mark style="color:blue;">More Info</mark> option is not there, right-click the installer and click <mark style="color:blue;">Properties</mark>. Enable the <mark style="color:blue;">Unlock</mark> option. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Apply</mark> and then click <mark style="color:blue;">OK</mark>. Repeat from step 2.

[^7]: i.e., <mark style="color:blue;">C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142</mark>
