---
description: This tutorial will guide you through the steps to install the mod.
---

# ③ Install ​Remaster mod

{% hint style="warning" %}
We strongly recommend installing the Project Remaster mod for an enhanced gaming experience. If you are new to modding, our tutorial heavily relies on this mod, so it is advised to follow along.
{% endhint %}

Project Remaster is a high-quality enhancement modification for Battlefield 2142. It aims to remaster this 15-year-old game for a complete modern experience by introducing high-quality textures, realistic animations and new weapons into the game engine.&#x20;

The mod also comes with a collection of troubleshooting and diagnosis tools that are often helpful when the game runs into issues. Not to mention, the mod includes a wiki that gives you all information about how to get the game running, how to fix video issues, how to fix crashes, etc. **That is why we would strongly encourage you to install the mod to have access to these useful resources.**

The mod is developed and maintained by a modding group called [Project Remaster Team](https://prmp.boards.net/). You are encouraged to join their [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/nVdDkgA) to receive support and the latest updates about their project.

{% embed url="https://discord.com/invite/nVdDkgA" %}
GetBF2142.net is not affliated with Project Remaster.
{% endembed %}

## Procedures

{% hint style="danger" %}
If you already have an older version of the mod installed, you **must** uninstall it first, including removing any leftover files in the [mod folder](#user-content-fn-1)[^1], before proceeding to install a newer version.
{% endhint %}

1. Download <mark style="color:blue;">project\_remaster\_v14\_setup\_BETA13.exe</mark> from [Downloads](3.-installing-project-remaster.md#downloads).
2. Double-click to run the installer. It may [take a while](#user-content-fn-2)[^2] before something shows up.
3. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app from an unknown publisher to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
4. ​Click [<mark style="color:blue;">More Info</mark>](#user-content-fn-3)[^3] and then <mark style="color:blue;">Run Anyway</mark> if the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Windows Protected Your PC</mark> (Windows Defender SmartScreen) pops up.
5. Follow the wizard instructions to complete the installation.​
6. When the installation completes, uncheck the option <mark style="color:blue;">Open README</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">Start Remaster Launcher</mark>.

**Step 5:** You are advised to select the option <mark style="color:blue;">English language (HD Fonts)</mark>**​** when you see the prompt message <mark style="color:blue;">Please select the language that the game should run in</mark>. You should also correct the installation path if the installer fails to correctly locate your game folder.

## Downloads

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Primary Sources" %}
{% hint style="warning" %}
Download the version you prefer to use.
{% endhint %}

**project\_remaster\_v14\_setup\_BETA**<mark style="color:red;">**14**</mark>**.exe (Google Drive, 3.6 GB)**

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/11Lo-b3Hv9jMpoSYz0frVC4cgNiwpFS4Y" %}
Source: [Project Remaster Discord](https://discord.gg/nVdDkgA) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**\[STABLE] project\_remaster\_v14\_setup\_BETA**<mark style="color:red;">**13**</mark>**.exe (Google Drive, 3.6 GB)**

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CqDNfcjALCEs1KEkJut2k2VTeGGUwx4Q/view?usp=share_link" %}
Source: [Project Remaster Discord](https://discord.gg/nVdDkgA) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="v14 BETA14 Changelog" %}
* Added "Titan + Bots" to the following maps:
  * Bridge at Remagen 48
  * Highway Tampa 48
  * Minsk 48
  * Shuhia Taiba 48
  * Sidi Power Plant 48
  * Suez Canal 48
  * Verdun 48
* You can play these maps in **Singleplayer** or **Multiplayer (coop)** games
* You can play these maps in **Offline** and **Vanilla weapons** mini-mod
* The maps are **48** in size, so select the **48** SP or coop version of the map ingame
  * Please remember: 16 (small), 32 (medium), 48 (titan) and 64 (large) maps!
* Before you get hyped:
  * Bots will play on the ground, capturing and defending silos
  * Bots will **not** board the Titan or interact with it in any way. Sorry!
  * Titan death cutscene will play out in your soldier's first-person instead of a fixed camera in the sky. This a known bug
  * The Titan hangar looks a bit bright, depending on the map. This is a known bug. When you go into the titan corridors the lighting will fix itself
* Smoothed the Vostok sprint animation
* Added documentation for BF2142Unlocker to the included Wiki
  * Head to Remaster-Launcher and hit **Manual** at the bottom of the window or check ⁠manual
* Made the game and the installer smaller.

Information retrieved from [Project Remaster Discord](https://discord.com/invite/nVdDkgA).
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="v14 BETA13 Changelog" %}
* Wiki instead of PDF manual
* HD crosshairs for all weapons&#x20;
* HD minimaps&#x20;
* Blood patch \[Optional]&#x20;
* Translations for the new weapons and stuff
* Latest version of BF2142Unlocker (fixes many crashes)&#x20;

Information retrieved from [Project Remaster Discord](https://discord.com/invite/nVdDkgA).
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## More About Mods

You will have four folders in your <mark style="color:blue;">/Battlefield 2142/mods/</mark> folder once the installation is completed, each of which represents a variant of bf2142 mods.

1. <mark style="color:blue;">bf2142</mark> is the vanilla base game.
2. <mark style="color:blue;">Project\_Remaster\_v14</mark> is the main mod.\
   It contains the complete mod (textures, models, maps etc.) and will be used for hosting your multiplayer / singleplayer game.
3. <mark style="color:blue;">Project\_Remaster\_v14\_offline</mark> is a mini-mod for offline singleplayer.\
   • It works without an internet connection.\
   • The customization screen will not work.\
   • You have pre-defined soldier load-outs and kit load-outs with some fixed unlocks.\
   • Loot dead bots' backpacks to use other load-outs.
4. <mark style="color:blue;">Project\_Remaster\_v14\_vanilla\_weapons</mark> is a mini-mod with all weapons and gadgets having their vanilla stats (damage, recoil, rate of fire, amount of ammo etc.).\
   It also removes the new 4th primary rifles from the soldiers. Animations, however, stay the same as in the main mod.

## Mod Content

* Features a lot of improvements on textures, sounds, 3D models and animations.
* Supports 4K resolution and 120Hz / 144Hz framerates.
* Supports widescreen with real 16:9 HUD.
* Supports Reshade overlay and SMAA.
* Improves the drag-and-drop customisation screen.
* Improves the Coop mode with better bot AI and more maps.
* Adds the 4th primary rifle slot to each soldier class with a new weapon in it.
* Comes with a launcher, manual and debugging tools.

You may refer to the Project Remaster [manual](further-readings.md) for more details about the mod.

[^1]: i.e., <mark style="color:blue;">/Battlefield 2142/mods/</mark>

[^2]: The installer takes time to decompress files to prepare for the installation.

[^3]: If the <mark style="color:blue;">More Info</mark> option is not there, right-click the installer and click <mark style="color:blue;">Properties</mark>. Enable the <mark style="color:blue;">Unlock</mark> option. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Apply</mark> and then click <mark style="color:blue;">OK</mark>. Repeat from step 2.
