---
description: >-
  This tutorial will guide you through the steps to create an account and
  configure important in-game settings.
---

# ⑦ Create an account

## Registration

{% hint style="danger" %}
Windows Firewall may pop up if it is your first time passing through the login page. Whenever you see this prompt, allow the game to communicate through both private and public networks to avoid connection issues.
{% endhint %}

1. Double-click the <mark style="color:blue;">Remaster Launcher</mark> shortcut on your desktop to start the launcher.
2. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app from an unknown publisher to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
3. In the <mark style="color:blue;">Play</mark> page, click the <mark style="color:blue;">Start Game!</mark> button.
4. On the login screen, click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE NEW ACCOUNT</mark>. It may [take a while](#user-content-fn-1)[^1] before something shows up.
5. Ignore the warning message <mark style="color:blue;">EA MASTER SERVER IS DOWN. PLEASE USE BF2142UNLOCKER</mark> if you see it.
6. Click [<mark style="color:blue;">ACCEPT TERMS</mark>](#user-content-fn-2)[^2].
7. Fill in the registration form with fake data. \[Why?[^3]] But please do remember your <mark style="color:blue;">ACCOUNT NAME</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">PASSWORD</mark>. \[Why?[^4]]
8. Click [<mark style="color:blue;">CREATE</mark>](#user-content-fn-5)[^5].
9. Click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE NEW SOLDIER</mark>. Type in the <mark style="color:blue;">SOLDIER NAME</mark> that you want to use in-game and click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE NEW SOLDER</mark>.
10. You may notice some changes[^6] to the game resolution.
11. To fix this, go to <mark style="color:blue;">OPTIONS</mark>, and then <mark style="color:blue;">VIDEO</mark> to configure the video settings. Change the resolution[^7] first before touching the video quality settings.
12. Set <mark style="color:blue;">ANTI-ALIASING</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">Off</mark> to avoid problems.
13. Don't forget to adjust the <mark style="color:blue;">AUDIO</mark> settings as well!​
14. Congratulations! You have completed all the necessary steps to get Battlefield 2142 working! Now you may close the game to make the video settings applied.

## Logging in

1. Double-click the <mark style="color:blue;">Remaster Launcher</mark> shortcut on your desktop to start the launcher.
2. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app from an unknown publisher to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
3. In the <mark style="color:blue;">Play</mark> page, click the <mark style="color:blue;">Start Game!</mark> button.
4. On the login screen, type in your OpenSpy <mark style="color:blue;">ACCOUNT NAME</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">PASSWORD</mark>. Check the option <mark style="color:blue;">REMEMBER ME</mark> and click <mark style="color:blue;">LOGIN</mark>.
5. Double-click on the <mark style="color:blue;">SOLDIER NAME</mark> that you want to use in-game.
6. Have fun exploring the game! See you on the battlefield!

[^1]: It takes time for the server to process your requests since most master servers are located in Europe or America. Unless you didn't receive a response from it within 10 seconds, it is still considered acceptable.

[^2]: Most notably how your password is stored remotely in plain text is something you should be aware of from the <mark style="color:blue;">TERMS AND CONDITIONS</mark>.

[^3]: Much of this information is irrelevant, therefore false information can be used. Since master servers save your account data in plain text, it is always better to use a simple password e.g., 12344321 and a fake email address e.g., hi@gmail.com.

[^4]: The only items of importance are the <mark style="color:blue;">ACCOUNT NAME</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">PASSWORD</mark>, which you should write down since OpenSpy account name or password retrieval is non-functional.

[^5]: If you receive an error after clicking <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE</mark>, try different entries for <mark style="color:blue;">ACCOUNT NAME</mark> or <mark style="color:blue;">EMAIL ADDRESS</mark> as they may have been previously used.

[^6]: The resolution glitch happens because the game creates a new set of profiles for you which only includes the default resolution settings.&#x20;

[^7]: Use the same resolution you have selected in the launcher. In that way, you won't experience resolution glitches anymore after logging in.
