---
description: >-
  This tutorial will guide you through three different ways to play
  singleplayer.
---

# ⑧ Play singleplayer

## Setting up a quick game in "SINGLEPLAY"&#x20;

This option gives you a limited experience as you will not able to adjust game options like ticket ratio, team ratio, round time, friendly fire, spawn time, etc.

When the game is [OpenSpy-ready](5.-installing-openspy-patches.md), the customisation screen will work be functioning and all unlockable equipment will be available for use in-game.

1. Log in to the game.
2. Click <mark style="color:blue;">SINGLEPLAY</mark>.
3. Configure your game and click <mark style="color:blue;">START PLAYLIST</mark>.

## **Setting up a LAN server in "MULTIPLAY"**

This option allows you to adjust game options like ticket ratio, team ratio, round time, friendly fire, spawn time, etc.

When the game is [OpenSpy-ready](5.-installing-openspy-patches.md), the customisation screen will work be functioning and all unlockable equipment will be available for use in-game.

1. ​Log in to the game.
2. ​Click <mark style="color:blue;">MULTIPLAY</mark>.
3. Click <mark style="color:blue;">LOCAL</mark>.
4. Click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE</mark>.
5. Configure your game and click <mark style="color:blue;">START SERVER</mark>.

## Launching the Offline Mini-Mod

This option allows you to enter the game without connecting to a master server or an internet connection.

The customisation screen will not work, but you can still get some unlocks from the pre-defined soldier load-outs and kit load-outs when you have. Loot fallen bots' dead bodies to get different primary rifles.&#x20;

You should consider this option only when OpenSpy service is down or when internet access is not available for your network. It is worth noting that this mini-mod does not restrict the function of LAN. It only disconnects you from WAN multiplayer.

1. Start the launcher.
2. Go to the <mark style="color:blue;">Play Offline</mark> page and click <mark style="color:blue;">Play offline</mark>.
3. On the login screen, click <mark style="color:blue;">LOGIN</mark> [without having to input the password](#user-content-fn-1)[^1].
4. Follow the steps in either [Option 1](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#setting-up-a-quick-game-in-singleplay) or [Option 2](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#setting-up-a-lan-server-in-multiplay).

## Remarks

1. Use the launcher to configure the number of bots. Set it to an odd number so that the team can be balanced.
2. The customisation screen is only available for use in [Option 1](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#setting-up-a-quick-game-in-singleplay) and [Option 2](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#setting-up-a-lan-server-in-multiplay) with OpenSpy. It will not work in [Option 3](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#launching-the-offline-mini-mod).
3. Windows Firewall may pop up if it is your first time [hosting a LAN server](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#setting-up-a-lan-server-in-multiplay). Whenever you see this prompt, allow the game to communicate through both private and public networks to avoid connection issues.

[^1]: If this doesn't work, ​change the account name to <mark style="color:blue;">singleplayer</mark> and press <mark style="color:blue;">LOGIN</mark>. Leave the password empty.
